1. SPEC CHANGES:
Specification changes include changes that modify the semantics of the code to conform to a certain specification. It also serves as a catch-all for issues not classifiable other categories.
    
    1.1 Branch Changes:
            Branch changes represent changes to the body of a control block.
    1.2 Pred Changes:
            Predicate changes represent changes to the conditions of a control block.
    1.3 & New Class or Method:
            This category includes defects that require a new class or a method as a fix.
  
2. VALUE CHANGES:
Value changes represent changes that modify the values of an object rather than the semantics of the code.

    2.1 UI Changes: 
        This category includes changes made to the outputs intended for a user. This also includes changes to the console outputs and debug logs.
    
    2.2 & Type Conversion:
        Type conversion include value changes where the type of a \python{} object was either upgraded or downgraded to resolve an issue.
  
3. DEPENDENCY CHANGES:
This category includes changes related to \python{} module imports.

    3.1 Missing Dependency
        These changes are made to include a missing module.
    3.2 Dependency Upgrade
        This category represents changes made to upgrade \python{} modules.

4. ARTEFACT CHANGES:
    These changes are made to artefact files that accompany the codebase.

    4.1. User-Doc Changes:
        User-Doc Changes include changes in the documentation, readme files or code comments.

    4.2. Test File Changes:
        This category includes changes made to test files.

        4.2.1 New Tests:
            This category represents changes where entire new tests were added (either as new classes or new methods).

        4.2.2. Other Modifications:
            This category includes small modifications in test files that are not part of the \textit{Add New Tests} bucket.

5. NON-PYTHON CHANGES: 
    This category include defects for which majority of the changes are in non-Python files. For example, in a sample defect in a \textit{Django} project, majority of the changes in the pull request might be related to HTML, CSS or Javascript files.